README.md, before:

# Hyperparameter tuning of the PPOalgorithm for OpenAI’s CarRacing

Author: Vojtěch Sýkora

## Project Description

**Environment: CarRacing-v2**
https://www.gymlibrary.dev/environments/box2d/car_racing/

**Algorithm: Proximal Policy Optimization**
https://arxiv.org/abs/1707.06347

This project implemented the Proximal Policy Algorithm (PPO) on the CarRacing-v2 environment found in OpenAIs Gym library. The whole project description is available in the included PDF file.

Our ActorCritic Deep Neural Network was as follows:

![cnn_model](project/network-structure.jpg)


## How to install the environment

(We used Anaconda, however any other package manager can be used)

Install Anaconda Distribution https://www.anaconda.com/products/distribution

```
conda env create -f newest.yml
conda activate newest
python \<filename\>
```

## How to run a saved model

Open `run_model.py` and change MODEL_PATH to the saved model path and then run:

```
python run_model.py
```

For the showcase model there is no need to change the MODEL_PATH.

## How to train a model

Set hyperparameters in `my_parser.py` and run:
```
python train_model.py
```

Models with checkpoints will be save in `args.models_dir` (in `my_parser.py` variable `models_dir`) directory which is by default set to `models/`.

Commit message:

added gif of car driving

README.md, after:

# Hyperparameter tuning of the PPOalgorithm for OpenAI’s CarRacing

Author: Vojtěch Sýkora

## Project Description

Detailed PDF report can be found [here](project/PPO_CarRacing_project_Sykora.pdf)

**Environment: CarRacing-v2**
https://www.gymlibrary.dev/environments/box2d/car_racing/

![car_driving](car-driving.gif)

**Algorithm: Proximal Policy Optimization**
https://arxiv.org/abs/1707.06347

This project implemented the Proximal Policy Algorithm (PPO) on the CarRacing-v2 environment found in OpenAIs Gym library. The whole project description is available in the included PDF file.

Our ActorCritic Deep Neural Network was as follows:

![cnn_model](project/network-structure.jpg)


## How to install the environment

(We used Anaconda, however any other package manager can be used)

Install Anaconda Distribution https://www.anaconda.com/products/distribution

```
conda env create -f newest.yml
conda activate newest
python \<filename\>
```

## How to run a saved model

Open `run_model.py` and change MODEL_PATH to the saved model path and then run:

```
python run_model.py
```

For the showcase model there is no need to change the MODEL_PATH.

## How to train a model

Set hyperparameters in `my_parser.py` and run:
```
python train_model.py
```

Models with checkpoints will be save in `args.models_dir` (in `my_parser.py` variable `models_dir`) directory which is by default set to `models/`.
